hey YouTube what's up its mr. steezy
mater and today I'm going to be showing
you how to install dash launched on your
jtags last RGH console so the first
thing you need to do is download dash
launch which I provided a link in the
description to it's going to bring you
this website right here just scroll down
and then you're going to see it download
at the bottom right here so click on
that and it will download automatically
then once you have that downloaded
you're going to want to open it up and
it's going to bring you all of these
files after you've opened up this win
RAR archive what you're going to do is
open up your USB flash drive so this is
my USB flash drive that's in my computer
right now so i'm going to open that up
once you have that opens you're going to
right click new folder and you're going
to name it dash launch so open up the
folder you just you just created and
then drag all of these files into that
folder
all right after all those files are
extracted into your USB into the dash
launch folder you just created you can
exit out of that exit out of that and
then now what you're going to do is take
out your USB and put it in your jtag /
RGH
alright so now what you're going to do
is turn on your jtag / RGH and make sure
your USB flash drive is plugged in then
just sign into a profile and then go to
games my games and load up xexmenu 1.2
all right press RV and then it'll take
you to a USB then you're going to press
Y on dash launch copy x go to your hard
drive and then you're going to press y
and then click paste and was what that's
going to do is paste dash launch until
your root of your hard drive so then
once that's done you're going to open it
up you're going to click install
and then you're just going to load up
default XCX
alright this helps please comment rate
and subscribe thanks